README.md, before:

# FTL Multiverse Judge Boon Selector Mod

[Download for Multiverse 5.4](https://github.com/benediktwerner/FTL-Multiverse-Judge-Boon-Selector-Mod/releases/download/v1.6.0/Multiverse.Judge.Boon.Selector.ftl)

[Multiverse Forum Thread](https://ftlmultiverse.boards.net/thread/45/judge-boon-selector-mod)

Allows selecting the boon you receive from the Judges at the start of a run instead of it being based on the previous run. You can only select boons that you have already unlocked by presenting the corresponding crew/system/weapon to the Judges.

This obviously can screw with the balance a bit since some boons are rather OP but I don't really find the current system very satisfying since many of the boons only make sense if you play a rather similar ship/setup to what you just played (e.g. presenting crew generally improves playing the same race again or presenting a max Drone Control improves playing with Drones again).

![](screenshot.jpeg)

## Compatibility with other Multiverse addons

Currently, boons from Forgotten Races, Forgotten Diamonds, Insurrection+ Selection (IPS), Forgemaster, C&C Weapons: Renegade Collection, and Fishier Than Light are supported.

For this to work properly, make sure Judge Boon Selector is patched after them i.e. is lower in the patch order in Slipstream.

### Changelog

- v1.6
  - Add support for the new "Boon of The Precursors" (for Spherax) from Forgotten Races (thanks to @BBHood217)
  - Add support for the new "Boon of Virtuality" from IPS (thanks to @BBHood217)
  - Fix some typos (thanks to @BBHood217)
- v1.5 Add support for Fishier Than Light boons (thanks to @arcburnergit)
- v1.4 Add support for Forgemaster (thanks to @SansCipher) and C&C Weapons: Renegade Collection boons
- v1.3 Add support for Forgotten Diamonds boons
- v1.2 Add support for Forgotten Races and Insurrection+ Selection (IPS) boons
- v1.1 Update to Multiverse 5.4
- v1.0.1 Fix Blessing of Merchants name
- v1.0 First release (for Multiverse 5.3)

Commit message:

Added support for Darkest Desire 2.2.0
Also Annelids, Isolated.

Adds the following:
Boon of Annelids

Boon of the Deep
Blessing of Ravenous Darkness
Blessing of Dread

README.md, after:

# FTL Multiverse Judge Boon Selector Mod

[Download for Multiverse 5.4](https://github.com/benediktwerner/FTL-Multiverse-Judge-Boon-Selector-Mod/releases/download/v1.6.0/Multiverse.Judge.Boon.Selector.ftl)

[Multiverse Forum Thread](https://ftlmultiverse.boards.net/thread/45/judge-boon-selector-mod)

Allows selecting the boon you receive from the Judges at the start of a run instead of it being based on the previous run. You can only select boons that you have already unlocked by presenting the corresponding crew/system/weapon to the Judges.

This obviously can screw with the balance a bit since some boons are rather OP but I don't really find the current system very satisfying since many of the boons only make sense if you play a rather similar ship/setup to what you just played (e.g. presenting crew generally improves playing the same race again or presenting a max Drone Control improves playing with Drones again).

![](screenshot.jpeg)

## Compatibility with other Multiverse addons

Currently, boons from Forgotten Races, Forgotten Diamonds, Insurrection+ Selection (IPS), Forgemaster, C&C Weapons: Renegade Collection, Fishier Than Light, Darkest Desire, and Annelids, Isolated are supported.

For this to work properly, make sure Judge Boon Selector is patched after them i.e. is lower in the patch order in Slipstream.

### Changelog

- v1.7 (by @neopryne)
  - Add support for Darkest Desire 
  - Add support for Annelids, Isolated
- v1.6
  - Add support for the new "Boon of The Precursors" (for Spherax) from Forgotten Races (thanks to @BBHood217)
  - Add support for the new "Boon of Virtuality" from IPS (thanks to @BBHood217)
  - Fix some typos (thanks to @BBHood217)
- v1.5 Add support for Fishier Than Light boons (thanks to @arcburnergit)
- v1.4 Add support for Forgemaster (thanks to @SansCipher) and C&C Weapons: Renegade Collection boons
- v1.3 Add support for Forgotten Diamonds boons
- v1.2 Add support for Forgotten Races and Insurrection+ Selection (IPS) boons
- v1.1 Update to Multiverse 5.4
- v1.0.1 Fix Blessing of Merchants name
- v1.0 First release (for Multiverse 5.3)
